There are so many new things coming from the R open source community every day. It will
be really hard to follow the latest news about R. R has come to define a magical data science
programming language. To build on this, R Weekly team set out to create an ultimate
real-time reading experience for the R community. R Weekly will help you learn R every week.
Every aspect has been designed for a clean and comfortable reading experience. Every
Monday, R Weekly editor will aggregate all of the great sources from the community and
create a clear and simple newsletter for you. You can visit R Weekly website to read
the latest and history issues. There are also email subscription and RSS feed. Choose your
favorite way to enjoy the content from the entire R universe. R Weekly has a wide range
of content with a comfortable and clear user interface. Weekly editor's picks deliver
high-quality articles for you to learn the best practices and boost your R knowledge.
There is also a podcast. It contains the weekly highlights about the community. This component
works in harmony to maintain an exceptional reading and listening experience.
How to contribute to R Weekly? The editing process is fully open source on
GitHub. Contributing to R Weekly is as easy as editing in a text editor. Click the edit
button and create a pull request and you will be able to show your content to thousands
of users every week. If you do not have a GitHub account, you can also use the submit
page. The submit page is in the header of R Weekly website. Type your link in the form
and R Weekly team member will see your link and review your content.
How to become an R Weekly team member? Please create several pull requests on GitHub to
get familiar with the process to edit a newsletter. And then take the R Weekly contributing survey.
We will reach out to you very soon. Here are some small tips and tricks you can do with
R Weekly website. You can filter the links with the filter box. For example, search Shiny.
You can search all of the links in the R Weekly website from the search box or from GitHub.
For example, you can search ggplot2 and tidy text.
When you hover on some links, we will show you the preview of the content and you will
be able to know what you will read in the links. You can turn on night mode.
I want to say all of the R Weekly team members, they have done a really good job on this project
and all of our communication is remote and over Slack. I want to say all of R Weekly patrons,
they have been supporting this project for a very long time.
Hope you will enjoy the R Weekly project and see you every Monday.